The House Special
Craving for pizza but not sure what to get? We got your back with our House Special.
We take you on a journey of flavors with a special spicy tomato sauce, and a carefully crafted blend of cheeses. 
And to make it even more special, we top it off with extra pepperoni. It's on us, no need to worry
/img/pizza1.png

Vegetable
Our Vegetable Pizza is like a walk in the garden. Made with organic vegetables straight from the rooftop garden.
When you enjoy this pizza you are only being served the best quality. From the crust all the way to the garnish. Bon Appétit
/img/pizza2.png

Pepperoni
Do you smell that? No? But I do and you can as well! Just order our amazing Pepperoni Pizza made
with the best quality meats and a delectable blend of cheeses
/img/pizza3.png

Italian Style
Our Italian Style Pizza is just simply delicious! Its made with our handmade tomato sauce from 
fresh juicey tomatoes, and the perfect crust baked to perfection. We top off our pizza with the BEST smooth
mozzarella out there. What are you waiting for? Dig in!
/img/pizza4.png

Extra Cheese
If you thought the Classic Cheese Pizza was good then you know the Extra Cheese Pizza is only better! 
Imagine all of the flavors (and the cheese of course!) of our Classic Cheese Pizza but just doubled. Who wouldn't want that?
/img/pizza5.png

Classic Cheese
Nothing better than a classic, am I right? This Classic Cheese Pizza is more
than just a regular cheese pizza. Its made with a blend of organic cheeses,
handmade tomato sauce from fresh juicey tomatoes, and the perfect crust baked to perfection
/img/pizza6.png

St. Louis Style
Dig into this delicious St. Louis Style Pizza that's just bursting with flavor. Enjoy a delectable blend of cheeses topped 
with peppers, sausage, and fresh chedder cheese
/img/pizza7.png

New York Style
This delicious New York Style Pizza consists of a delectable blend of cheeses topped 
with mushrooms, tomatoes, olives, pepperoni, mozzarella, and fresh basil
/img/pizza8.png

Chicken Shroom Style
Dive into this juicy chicken and mushroom pizza topped with a blend of white cheeses. Top to bottom this pizza is full of umami flavor and the garnished fresh
basil just adds that luxurious touch
/img/pizza9.png

Spicy Twist
A fan favorite! This pizza is loaded with spicy pepperoni and spicy peppers. We top it off with a spicy base and add fresh parsley for a refreshing taste
/img/pizza10.png

Fiesta Style
Add fun to any gathering with this fiesta pizza! This fun colorful pizza is just a burst of flavors made with sausage, peppers, pickles, onions,
tomatoes, and fresh parsely
/img/pizza11.png

Meat Lovers
We serve an amazing meat lovers with a twist! Our pizza is made with the best crust and sauce out there, topped with sausage, pepperoni, ground beef,
olives, and peppers. You won't want to miss out on this
/img/pizza12.png


Extras
Double Toppings 4
Extra Cheese 2
Extra Sauce 2
No Cheese 0
No Sauce 0








